FOCUS #18: Sub Account Name dimension (#96)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/dimensions/subaccountname.md

Work item: [Issues #18](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/issues/18)

Owner: John Grubb / Michael Arkoosh

Spec Content
------------

> 

Reviewer: a few notes:

- selected block should be removed
- Sub Account Name should be Heading L1 and all others Heading L2

### Sub Account Name

A sub account is an optional provider-supported construct for organizing resources and services connected to a billing account. Some common scenarios for using sub accounts include grouping based on organizational constructs and access management boundaries. Sub accounts must be associated with a billing account as they do not receive invoices.

A sub account name is a display name assigned to a sub account. It is commonly used for cost allocation, reporting, and chargeback purposes.

> The SubAccountName column MUST be present in the billing data. This column MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values. Where a provider doesn't support a sub account construct (only has a billing account), use the BillingAccountName value.

Reviewer 2: Does this convey what we discussed?
```suggestion
The SubAccountName column MUST be present in the billing data. This column MUST be of type String and SHOULD NOT contain null values. If a provider doesn't support a sub account construct (only has a billing account), use the BillingAccountName value. If a provider does support a sub account construct, but the charge does not apply to a sub account, the SubAccountName column may be null.
```
